Place to jot down ideas:

    1. (Dj) First q to address is predicting locations of species (I reckon we plot out these predicitions as a heatmap), 
    maybe overlay on actual map? - geopandas seems to do this but I am not sure the availible maps would be appropiate

    2. (Dj) Could see if we could do image classification on species available (flora, fauna -> mammal, amphibian, reptile etc..) and then using our 
    predicted speices distn. predict possible diets of different species? (might be quite difficult but a possible idea after tackling
    initial questions) - Not sure what data we have to do this

    3. (Dj) Could predict animals most affected by climate change? (identify regions most affected then identify animals in those regions.)
    - Good idea, I would definetely try to make use of the "extra" climate data provided. I have tried to download the data, however all I 
    seem to get are images? Will have to look into it more closely.

    4. (Mp) I think following the questions given by them is the best starting point, the data seems to be made for answering those questions
    - Predicting location of species as Dj said in 1. I could also imagine that many species cluster together and so we could try to answer 
    something like: Given I see X species, what other species am I likely to encounter? This question is similar to the initial one because if 
    you predict where a species is, you could just say the other species in that region but I imagine that many places with similar climates will 
    have similar species. As an example, I imagine that there are snakes in both South East Asia and the Amazonas in Brazil, maybe it is therefore
    hard to predict where a snake will be, but you could say that if there is a snake, theres probably also frogs? Or whatever? - yea I agree 

    5. (Jr) We could try subdivide the species into groups, e.g. birds, insects, fungi... I think fitting every species into groups could be a challenge, maybe use something like https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Taxonomy/Browser/wwwtax.cgi and divide by family? Assuming that's possible it could be used to refine the identification, e.g. I am at (lon, lat) and I saw an animal belonging to (group), what species could it be?

    Things to do:

    - Exploratory analysis: Most common species around world? Top 3 in different continents? Or top 3 in different lattitudes ranges if it
    is not possible to group into continents? Places with more species? Also least common species...
    1. Broadness of population of species; species with largest distribution vs smallest distribution -Dj 
    2. Most common species vs least common -Mp
    
    
    --> Determine coordinates for a given species --> 
    1. Gaussian fit of data -Jr
    2. Decision tree -Mp
    3. Neural network -Dj 


    - Data processing: Probably good to use PCA to get rid of irrelevant features, right? 

    - Find way to turn lattitudes and longitudes to: Maps, Continent/Contry Classification etc...
      (Jr) I've uploaded locs.py (I think, still not entirely figured github out) that takes a latitude and longitude and gives you an address and the country which could be a starting point. Seems like the geocoding service has a 1000 request limit per day so that might be an issue, also it needs an email in the user_agent field


    General notes:

    - I've gitignored neural network stuff for the time being as we don't need it yet so code is a bit cleaner.
    
